Oh spare us cameras really cute really
like the hand grip too it's good to show
real Rio where are you come see this
camera daddy sent it it's really great
I'm looking for you come here hi darling
we got the camera okay it's really great
thank you we're missing you a lot so
we're going to record the whole day so
you can see what we're up to see what we
get up to write Rio we miss you yeah we
sure do come home soon
Oh
I
how about i give you the ice cream and
you can me the camera
video camera you have 30
hi darling breath park now that's such a
great day she come home and play with us
yeah it's on gosh I cameras so
comfortable at you use even I can work
it to be really great hi I'm gonna send
daddy through all the stuff that we were
doing today so he can feel like he was
with us hey you sure do we miss you tons
don't work too hard yeah I love you
can't me to send it through now it's
done